Associate Architect
EMC - Bangalore, IN
Posted 36 days ago
Apply on company website
Other Details
About this job
Job description
Job Location: Bangalore, India

Accelerate your career as you help reinvent the value and impact of information for business everywhere. At EMC, we are leading customers on their journey to cloud computing by enabling them to store, manage, protect and analyze their information assets in a more agile, trusted and cost-effective way. If you are passionate about technology and want to be part of the information management revolution, join more than 50,000+ EMCers around the world who are leading the journey to the cloud.
Information is at the heart of business ? and it's growing not only in volume, but in complexity as new media types emerge and mobile and social applications evolve. In addition, the IT infrastructure to support information management is changing just as rapidly. EMC's Information Intelligence Group provides intelligent capture, content management; case management, customer communications and governance software and services that solve even the most complex information challenges organizations face today ? from information compliance and governance to streamlining mission critical business processes, to the emerging world of big data -- on premise or in the cloud.

    Provides technical and consultative assistance on engagements involving implementing the EMC Documentum product suite for our world-wide customers. Understands customer requirements, conducts detailed technical design, determines level of effort & implementation approach, performs installation, development & integration and prepares technical documentation. Key responsibility is to assist the project manager and other senior staff as part of consulting engagements to evaluate client needs, assess implementation options, propose appropriate solutions and ensure delivery quality. Capable of performing assigned tasks with minimal supervision. Provides assistance and guidance to junior staff members in solving technical implementation issues.

    Represent EMC in a professional manner to customers, partners and other EMC personnel at all times
    ? Support and report to engagement project manager while assigned to active customer engagements. Regularly communicate status to the engagement project manager and proactively identify issues and preventive/remedial measures
    ? Establishes relationships with client technical counterparts. Participates in client meetings related to solution scoping and planning. Assist in the creation of proposals that address current and evolving client requirements
    ? Understand requirements, conduct detailed design, determine level of effort, plan work breakdown structures and implementation approach
    ? Perform installation, development, configuration, integration and testing activities. Collaborate with senior staff and the engagement project manager as required during difficult customer situations. Work in conjunction with colleagues and the Product Support organization to ensure effective resolution of technical issues encountered during implementations
    ? Perform code reviews and periodic quality checks to ensure delivery quality is maintained
    ? Prepare, maintain and submit activity/progress reports and time recording/management reports in accordance with published procedures. Keep project managers informed of activities and alert of any issues promptly. Provide inputs as part of engagement closure on project learnings and suggest improvements
    ? Provide knowledge transfer to team members, train staff personnel, provide on the job guidance and mentoring and conduct training sessions to customer personnel when authorized by management
    ? Adhere to processes and methodologies to perform the required function. Report deviations from defined processes to the engagement project manager and recommend associated improvements
    ? Acquire EMC Proven Certification in Documentum Content Management/xCP foundations, administration, programming, development

    ? Excellent grasp of the principles of Enterprise Content Management systems
    ? Desired experience in Documentum Content Server, DFS, DFC, BOF, WDK, DQL, TaskSpace, BPM, Captiva, Documentum Administrator, WebLogic, Tomcat
    ? Proficient in programming using Core Java, JSP, JDBC or Microsoft .NET, C#, VB, ODBC
    ? Proficient in programming using Servlets, XML, XSLT, HTML, SQL
    ? Good understanding of object-oriented programming, Web Services, LDAP configuration, and RDBMS concepts
    ? Working knowledge of Unix and Windows operating systems
    ? Strong analytical skills combined with ability to work in a fast-paced environment with geographically distributed teams
    ? Excellent verbal and written communication skills
    ? Good team and interpersonal skills 



---------------------------------------------



Team Lead/Technical Lead/Associate Architect-Java/J2EE
Nous Infosystems - Bengaluru Area, India
Posted 11 days ago
Other Details
Join to applyAlready on LinkedIn? Sign In
About this job
Job description

 

Team Lead/Technical Lead/Associate Architect-Java/J2EE

Experience: 6-10 Years
Location: Bangalore
Position: 4

Job function

    A minimum of 5 years of experience in Java/J2EE application development.
    Good experience on frameworks like spring MVC, Hibernate and JSF.
    Excellent track record of architecting, designing, implementing and delivering software in a results-oriented environment.
    Ability to understand issues related to module abstraction, platform issues and design for change, at the system levels
    Ability to conceptualize and propose new designs, create prototypes and proof-of-concepts and drive their end-to-end implementation.
    Expertise in application servers including Jboss, Weblogic, Websphere, Tomcat etc.
    Expertise in domain modelling, database modelling and database skills.
    Excellent understanding of SOA and RESTFUL Web Services.
    Strong knowledge of software development methodologies and best design practices.
    Experience in handling 3 -4 people team.
    Good experience in the client handling.
    Excellent communication and presentation skills. 

If you feel you match the above requirement, then please do share your latest profile to recruit@nousinfo.com

Regards

Team TA

Nous Infosystems

contact no. :- 080-41939400 ext :-1233 / 1234




------------------------------------------------------------





Hiring for Associate Solutions Architect
Joule Consulting Pvt. Ltd. - Bangalore, IN
Posted 11 days ago
Apply on company website
Other Details
About this job
Job description
The Specialist works with customers to understand their current Web Experience needs, intricacies of their architecture and goals of the overarching business. The Specialist will leverage Akamais Intelligent Platform to help meet these needs while providing guidance and education so the customer is positioned for success in the future. Additionally, the Specialist will be able to communicate the merits and pitfalls of technology decisions to our customers senior business management and C-level executives. The Specialist provides technical and thought leadership to many groups inside and outside of Akamai including: Akamais Professional Services community, the customers IT and development teams, and the customers business stakeholders. The Specialist addresses gaps in the customers architecture that directly impacts the end-user experience by focusing on the front-end, back-end and middle mile, and helps map Akamais products and features to meet specific technical requirements. The Specialist works closely with the customers team(s) providing guidance around scoping, solution development, deployment and implementation, as well as training the customer to fully understand the solution. The Specialist works closely with Akamais Product Management and R& amp D to develop future product direction and strategy - providing valuable input from the customers. The Specialist will perform the role of subject matter expert for new Web Experience products and act as liaison between the engineering and professional services teams. The Specialist educates both internal and external audiences on the latest technology trends, Internet best practices and Akamai-specific solutions for the most pressing customer needs around web performance. The Specialist serves as an evangelist for both the Professional Services organization and for Akamai through an online and in-person presence. The Specialist will travel up to 25% of the time. 

Qualifications: Basic Qualifications * Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related field degree. * 6 years in consulting, professional services and/or other customer-facing role focused on delivering technical products or services. * 4 years experience with Internet technologies including: TCP/IP, HTTP, DNS, SSL, JavaScript, HTML and CSS. Desired Qualifications * Masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related field. * Experience with strategy and/or technology consulting. * Proven knowledge of web servers, application servers, accelerators, routers and caching devices. * Development experience in Python, Javascript, Java, ASP.NET or Unix shell scripting. * Experience with designing scalable web infrastructure and troubleshooting web performance related issues. * General Exposure to performance related technologies, processes and concepts such as image compression, RWD, RESS, FEO, HTML5 and CSS3. * Experience with web performance measurement and web optimization techniques. * Proven ability with mobile network architecture and application development. * Proven ability working within a Content Delivery Network. * Experience with full software development lifecycle. * Experience working with a development team. * Proven ability to manage large projects, problem solve, make quick decisions and a passion for excellence. * Consistently stays up to date on industry trends and actively engages in associated discussion. * Ability to operate independently and apply strategic thinking with technical depth. * Excellent written, verbal, and presentation skills. Desired Candidate ProfilePlease refer to the Job description above Education Required: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required tags: 12 Company Profile not providedCompany address not provided





-------------------------------------------------------------


Associate Solution Architect
Indegene lifesystems pvt ltd - Bangalore, IN
Posted 18 days ago
Apply on company website
Other Details
About this job
Job description
Listing Info

Architect/ Design, code, test, and document applications based on
i.Projects functional and business requirements;
ii.To meet the quality requirements as per quality score
iii.Participate in the project review processes.
iv.Team mentoring
v.Solving problems by effectively using latest technology and trends.
vi.Client interactions/requirement analysis
vii. Presales Support (Estimation, Solutioning, Client Pitch)
Analyse/track and debug/ suggest/ delegate work as per the bugs identified
Support the vertical in providing Solutioning
Interface with all levels of end-users. Address customer issues and questions, as needed
Responsible for architecting/ designing/ delivering Programs as per the timelines decided
Ensure timelines of the Programs developed by the team assigned. Initiate code reviews/ suggest improvements in code and quality

Desired Profile

In-depth knowledge & experience in various trending technologies including WCF, MVC, Entity framework, .Net 4.0, SQL server 2008 R2, WPF(good to have)
Knowledge of all phases of the SDLC required
Excellent knowledge of the tools, techniques, software's, and apply them in developing programs as required
Minimum of 6-8 years of industry experience.
B.Tech/ B.E/ M.C.A

---------------------------------


Senior Associate - Core Java
Sapient - Gurgaon/Bangalore
Posted 5 days ago
Other Details
Join to applyAlready on LinkedIn? Sign In
About this job
Job description

We are currently looking to hire for Core Java geeks (Senior Developers),

Overall exp- 4 to 8 years
Location- Gurgaon/Bangalore


Below are the determinants:

·         Strong Development Skills in Java (JDK 1.5 OR 1.6 OR 1.7)

·         Experience with Multithreading/Data Structures and Algorithms is mandate

·         Strong OO design skills/implementation of design patterns.

·         Strong experience with J2EE, Core Java (Serialization, Synchronization, Concurrency, and Reflection), Frameworks/ORM tools (Struts/Springs/Hibernate/toplink/JPA/Ibatis etc),

. Java 5 Features: Enums, Annotations, Generics, Auto boxing, Loops, Concurrent APIs, etc
Desired Skills and Experience

JOB PURPOSE
A Senior Associate Platform (Senior Developer/Track Lead – Core Java/J2EE) contributes towards a particular module/s of work by bringing deep core technology expertise and relevant business subject matter expertise to the table.

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES

     Providing technical expertise for every phase of the project lifecycle—from concept development to solution design, implementation, optimization and support.
     Interacts with a set of clients (client senior developers and architects) to create technology specifications from business requirements for one of the modules within the project
    Prepares the technical design of the more complex technology components within the module (one or more of client/web presentation tier, server tier, data access and data model, integration component, package function customization)
    Assists the architect in articulating the pros and cons of using a certain technology stack or component or design pattern versus another to the clients and project team and drives selection of technologies, designs to come up with the optimal architecture
     Drives the performance tuning, re-design and re-factoring for a module
    Contributes to designing and implementing the build, release process as well as system configuration and deployment characteristics of the application
    Implements (hands-on) the module components based on Sapient and industry best practices





---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Technical Solution Architect - Enterprise Integration - GBS
IBM - Bangalore, Gurgaon, Pune - India
Posted 19 days ago
Apply on company website
Other Details
About this job
Job description
IBM Global Business Services helps clients solve complex business and technical issues. We deliver innovative business consulting, process design, systems integration, application management and design. Our core competencies include deep business process and industry expertise, advanced analytics and research capabilities, comprehensive IT infrastructure knowledge, and proven ability to implement enterprise solutions that deliver bottom-line business value.

Integration Architect Role: Candidate should be specialized in different integration architecture paradigm EAI, SOA, SOI, Cloud and Mobile Application Integration. Candidate should be experienced with multiple middleware products of leading vendors, platforms, and styles of computing to design solutions that enable new and existing components, applications, packages, and systems to work together within an enterprise or among enterprises for one or multiple industry.

Responsibilities: Candidate should be client facing and able to lead and guide team on developing solutions that fully integrate and collaborate with existing IT systems to perform an automated business function. Candidate should have a holistic view of enterprise solutions, taking into consideration operational costs, security, performance engineering, application development, and systems management.

Skills:

Mandatory Skills
- Should have very strong experience and working knowledge of different integration architecture style and different communication protocols for e.g. EAI, SOA, SOI, SOAP, HTTP, JMS, MQTT etc.

- Should have proven working and implementation experience of one or more messaging S/W ( E.g. IBM MQ, MSMQ ), middle ware ( Eg. WebSphere, Weblogic, JBoss ) and ESB ( Eg. IBM ESB, OSB, Tibco etc ) stack of IBM and/or any other vendor like Oracle, Tibco etc.

- Should have strong communication and interpersonal skill

Nice To Have - Experience in one or more Industry standards and messaging for e.g. eTOM, HIPPA, ACCORD etc.

- Experience of Open Source Middleware for e.g. Mule
- Experience of Open Source Cloud PaaS for e.g. Cloud Foundry
- Experience of Mobile Application Integration
•8-15 years of experience

(1468)

Required

    Bachelor's Degree
    At least 4 years experience in EAI, SOA, SOAP
    At least 4 years experience in Middleware
    At least 4 years experience in Architecture
    English: Fluent


IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.





-----------------------------------------


Integration Architect - Delhi / NCR
Computer Power Group Inc pvt. - Gurgaon, IN
Posted 12 days ago
Apply on company website
Other Details
About this job
Job description
Strong understanding of technical architecture in retail banking and alternate delivery channels Expert in designing and implementing highly scalable and highly available architectures with optimized continuous integration platform for faster time to market Ability to do hands on work in technology and build tool sets onthe latest platforms (SAP, Force, Microsoft, digital, cloud) Experience with enterprise integration tools and extract, transformation and load (ETL) tools Should have hands-on expertise in some of the following technologies: Force.com, ABAP (SAP), Workflows, Integration/EAI technologies (e.g. Pervasive, Informatica,RabbitMQ, JMS, Jitterbit, ESB), C++Java/J2EE, including SOAP, WSDL, REST, .NET and related technologies (JSON, XML, etc), Common frameworks such as struts, spring, hibernate, etc. and Database technologies (Oracle, MySQL, JDBC, SQL, PL/SQL, stored procedures), Security (Web Service security e.g. Wss4j, PKI e.g. X509, SSO e.g SSL) Good knowledge and understanding of Web Service APIs for integration purposes Knowledge in web-based systems architecture, service-based architecture, enterprise application architecture as well as experience managing expectations when balancing alternatives against business and financial constraints Thought leadership in emerging web design technologies, web design integration, prototyping , database driven content and web based user interfaces Knowledge of prevalent IT tools/platforms/licenses in the market plus those typically used in a back office/operations environment Excellent communication verbal and written Creative thinking/innovative mindset- ability to identify the most optimum IT solution for the service line context Team Player & Self-Motivated