    This is banking project in which  different channels(UI) are required to communicate with  different product processor  (running in heterogeneous environment)   for payment, Account and customer related information.Each channel was tightly coupled with one or more product processor (Running in heterogeneous environment) to consume their service. Some channels were not able to consume service exposed by product processor due to non availability of agreed communication protocol, transformation, translation and routing etc.
    As a WMB designer i was engaged to understand the current business process with the help of each stakeholder, Walked through and Analyzed the client's requirement, identified key problem and provided the solution to make a smooth process.
    The main purpose of this application is to provide a middleware platform and services to consumer without having worry about underlying product processor. Here product processors are payment processors,Customer and account processors. This has been implemented as service connectivity framework  that supports visualization of Location and Identity, communication protocol and Interface.This application  reduced operational costs,performance costs and increased interoperability among heterogeneous system.
    There are total 450 service operations have been introduced/developed on SOA layer with high and medium level of complexity. A total of 80+ members of team are associated  for this application design and development. Some of the service operations are too complex to implement. due to incomplete design of concepts solution, unavailability of exact service level information from  product processor.
    This is Resource Augmentation kind of project so i am  performing as an individual contributor role. I have need to direct report to client for my work status etc. Client is allocating task me directly and i have need to complete this task and also need to provide my daily status to client. As an individual contributor i am responsible to communicate directly to Solution Architect, Business Analyst and end point user to understand the requirement  and defining the scope . So overall  my relations with client management is very good .