Business Opportunity or Problem
Your description for this section should address the following:
1. Describe the nature of the engagement in terms of the business problem the client had, including the scope and
complexity of the problem
2. Describe the scope and complexity of the problem in terms of phases of development or in terms of size (number of
processes, client environment, number of modules, etc.).
3. Describe the client sponsors for the project including their titles.
4. Describe your relationship and communications with client sponsors and management.


Business problem
XYZ hospital wanted to create a high-tech “Intelligent-Rooms” program that featured a system for automatically
organizing and prioritizing the work of nurses and other healthcare providers. The goal was to focus more
towards patient-care responsibly, while reducing the overhead paper work load for every action performed by
care providers. Another requirement was to be in HIPAA regulatory compliance by only providing real time
relevant data to individuals who should have access to it.
Complexity
In order to resolve this business problem, the solution had to be developed using a simple touch screen interface
on a monitor in the patient's room; this allowed a nurse or an aide to document the completion of tasks in just a
few seconds, rather than writing down the information and waiting to enter it into a computer later. Intelligent-
Room was designed to provide real-time links to key clinical systems, including pharmacy and lab services.
Patient email, testing schedules, education content, and other features were also offered through this
Intelligent-Room technology.
Sponsorship
The project was sponsored by the Director of XYZ hospital in partnership with IBM Software group. I was
brought in as SME on Health-care Life science architecture for developing a solution, which later helped
integrating medical devices with IBM SOA product. Due to being an expert in Health Level Seven International
(HL7) framework that provided exchange, integration, sharing, and retrieval of electronic health information, I
became an integral part of the project and the go-to-person between the Hospital IT department and the
healthcare team. I was on the project for almost seven months as an integration architecture resource. The
overall budget or the project was for $800k for creating a system, which can expand to one floor of the hospital,
containing 24 rooms. This was a great opportunity for both IBM and XYZ, if the project were to become
successful. IBM could have had an exclusive sales channel for the Intelligent-Room solution and would have
helped to implement the technology for customers across the USA. The potential revenue sales growth for IBM
software was estimated to be $xx million dollars.